I come from East London okay my friends
can't feed their kids okay and if it was
as simple as going out and being an
entrepreneur I can bet you they would do
it I can bet you they would do it let us
I'm sick of multi-millionaires telling
kids who can't afford to turn the
heating on you just need to be more
entrepreneurial it's sick Dan it's sick
I this gives people mental illness it
gives people mental illness tell them
the truth okay we your older generation
we took the opportunities and now it is
almost impossible to get out of poverty
and don't just don't just stand on them
wave you know your millions of pounds in
front of them and say if you
entrepreneurial like me you could do it
you could have it because it's sick
because they can't they can't feed their
kids down they can't turn the heating on
don't tell them to be more
entrepreneurial fix the system that
drives more and more and more of them
into poverty every generation